# SDN-MANET-reactive-firewall-simulators

JCPIE (Joint Controller Placement and IDSs (Intrusion Detection Systems) Enablement) SDN-MANET Simulator
The JCPIE SDN-MANET Simulator is a Python-based tool for simulating and analyzing mobile ad hoc networks (MANETs) and especially the implementation of a reactive firewall on an SDN-enabled MANET. It allows you to create and simulate network topologies, implement routing protocols, and evaluate network performance metrics.

Features
Network topology creation: Create custom network topologies with different numbers of nodes and connectivity patterns. It allows the execution of mobility scenarios using ns_movement files.
Routing protocol support: Implement various routing protocols, such as OLSR (Optimized Link State Routing), and evaluate their performance.
Packet-level simulation: Simulate the transmission of packets between nodes, considering factors like distance, signal strength, and interference.
Performance evaluation: Measure network performance metrics, such as latency and overhead, to assess the efficiency of the network.
Visualization: Visualize network topologies and simulation results using graphs and plots.
Installation
Clone the repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/Dimitrios-Kafetzis/SDN-MANET-reactive-firewall-simulators.git
Install the required dependencies:

Usage
Configure the simulation parameters, such as the number of nodes, communication range, and routing protocol.

Run the simulator:
python JCPIE_centralized_optimizer_simulation_simplistic_multiple_runs.py
View the simulation results, including network performance metrics and visualizations, generated by the simulator.
